#63 UI Overview documentation for v1.1 (#70)
Inbibo/adonisfx_docs: docs/maya/ui_overview.md

| ![Create AdnMuscle](images/adn_muscle.png) | Creates AdnMuscle deformer to the selected mesh. The deformer will be applied to the last element in the selection. Other elements in the list (optional) will be considered as attachment objects. Double click will launch a simple UI to assign a custom name and configure generic solver parameters. | AdonisFX Menu > Create Solvers > *Muscle* |
| ![Add Targets](images/adn_add_target.png) | Assigns target objects to the selected deformer (utility compatible with AdnRibbonMuscle and AdnMuscle deformers). The mesh with the deformer applied must be the last element in the selection. | AdonisFX Menu > Edit Muscle > *Add Targets* |
| ![Remove Targets](images/adn_remove_target.png) | Removes target objects assigned to the selected deformer (utility compatible with AdnRibbonMuscle and AdnMuscle deformers). The mesh with the deformer applied must be the last element in the selection. | AdonisFX Menu > Edit Muscle > *Remove Targets* |

> | ![Add Slide On Segment](images/adn_add_sliding_constraint.png) | Adds slide segments based on the two (or more) transform objects and the mesh with the deformer node applied (utility compatible with AdnRibbonMuscle and AdnMuscle deformers). This mesh must be the last element in the selection. | AdonisFX Menu > Edit Muscle > *Add Slide On Segment* |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![Add Slide On Segment](images/adn_add_sliding_constraint.png) | Adds slide segments based on the two (or more) transform objects and the mesh with the deformer node applied (utility compatible with AdnRibbonMuscle and AdnMuscle deformers). The mesh must be the last element in the selection. | AdonisFX Menu > Edit Muscle > *Add Slide On Segment* |
```

Author: Done!

### Create Section

#### Locators

<figure style="width: 50%;" markdown>
  ![AdonisFX Menu Create Locators](images/adonis_menu_locators.png)
  <figcaption><b>Figure 3</b>: AdonisFX Menu Create Locators section.</figcaption>
</figure>

- **Position**. Creates an AdnLocatorPosition node.
- **Distance**. Creates an AdnLocatorDistance node.

> - **Rotation**. Creates an AdnLocatorRotation node.

Reviewer 2: Can we reuse the descriptions used in the shelf icons? Also, I would add a cross reference to the icon saying something like "This item corresponds to the shelf button XXX.png"

Author: Done! Applied the additional comment to all menu items that appear on the shelf.

<figure style="width: 50%;" markdown>
  ![AdonisFX Menu Edit AdnSimshape](images/adonis_menu_nodes.png)
  <figcaption><b>Figure 6</b>: AdonisFX Menu Create Nodes section.</figcaption>
</figure>

#### Deformers

> In the Deformers section, there is a menu item to open AdnSkinMerge node creation UI.

Author: Done!

<figure style="width: 50%;" markdown>
  ![AdonisFX Menu Create Deformers](images/adonis_menu_deformers.png)
  <figcaption><b>Figure 7</b>: AdonisFX Menu Create Deformers section.</figcaption>
</figure>

#### Solvers

> In the Solvers section, there are all options to create AdonisFX simulation deformer nodes.

Author: Done!

#### Deformers

> In the Deformers section, there is a menu item to open the UI to create an AdnSkinMerge node.

Reviewer: Should we generalize the message and not focus on the `AdnSkinMerge`?
```suggestion
In the Deformers section, there is a menu item to open AdnSkinMerge node creation UI.
```

Author: Done

<figure style="width: 50%;" markdown>

>   ![AdonisFX Menu Create Solvers](images/adonis_menu_deformers.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ![AdonisFX Menu Create Deformers](images/adonis_menu_deformers.png)
```

Author: Done!

>   <figcaption><b>Figure 3</b>: AdonisFX Menu Create Deformers section.</figcaption>

Reviewer: Check figure number for the entire file.

</figure>

#### Solvers

> In the Deformers section, there are all options to create AdonisFX simulation deformer nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Solvers section, there are all options to create AdonisFX simulation deformer nodes.
```

Author: Done!

- **Connection Editor**. Launches the Sensors Connection Editor UI. This tool will assist with the connectivity of the locators and sensors output plugs with the AdonisFX deformer nodes.

#### Deformers

<figure style="width: 50%;" markdown>
  ![AdonisFX Menu Create Solvers](images/adonis_menu_edit_deformers.png)
  <figcaption><b>Figure 3</b>: AdonisFX Menu Edit Deformers section.</figcaption>
</figure>

> - **Edit Skin Merge**. Launches the Edit Skin Merge UI. This tool will assist with the edition of simulation and animation meshes lists. To open this UI a mesh with the AdnSkinMerge must be selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Edit Skin Merge**. Launches the Edit Skin Merge UI. This tool will assist with the edition of simulation and animation meshes lists of an AdnSkinMerge deformer. To open this UI a mesh with the AdnSkinMerge must be selected.
```

Author: Done!

- **Draw Fibers**. Enables *Muscle Fibers* Debugging from all the AdnRibbonMuscle and AdnMuscle in the scene.
- **Hide Fibers**. Disables *Muscle Fibers* Debugging from all the AdnRibbonMuscle and AdnMuscle in the scene.

#### Debug

<figure style="width: 50%;" markdown>

>   ![AdonisFX Menu Create Solvers](images/adonis_menu_debug.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ![AdonisFX Menu Debug Section](images/adonis_menu_debug.png)
```

Author: Done!

  <figcaption><b>Figure 14</b>: AdonisFX Menu Debug section.</figcaption>
</figure>

- **Refresh Debugger**. Refreshes the scene graph for debugging purposes by making sure the AdnDataNode and the AdnDebugLocator exist in the scene and are properly connected.

### Tools section

- **Import**. Launches the AdonisFX Asset Definition Importer to load and create AdonisFX nodes from file (.JSON).
- **Export**. Launches the AdonisFX Asset Definition Exporter to save AdonisFX nodes information into a file (.JSON).
- **Paint Tool**. Opens the Paint Tool UI to modify the paintable maps in AdnSkin, AdnMuscle and AdnRibbonMuscle deformers.
- **Interactive Playback**. Enables Maya Interactive Playback. In this playback mode, dynamic interaction with objects and parameters while simulating is allowed.

### License section

> - **Activate License**. Launches a dialog to activate an AdonisFX license or the trial period if the license is not activated.

Author: Done!

> - **Activate License**. Launches a dialog to activate an AdonisFX license or the trial period if the license hasn't been activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Activate License**. Launches a dialog to activate an AdonisFX license or the trial period if the license is not activated.
```

Author: Done!
